Ensure the startup method returns valid content by raising a ValueError when None is returned (#3471)
beeware/toga: changes/3444.bugfix.rst

> `Add error handling for Window content setter AttributeErrors`

Reviewer: There's no need to put quotes around this; it will be injected as ReST content.
```suggestion
Add error handling for Window content setter AttributeErrors
```

> Ensure the startup method returns valid content by raising a ValueError when None is returned

Reviewer: The changenote isn't a commit message - it's for the benefit of users downloading a new release so they know what bugs have been fixed in the new release.
```suggestion
Apps that use a function-based app startup method now validate that the startup method returns content that can be added to the main window.
```
